# Pluralsight: Fixing Common JavaScript Bugs
[Course Info](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/fixing-common-javascript-bugs) | Author: [Elijah Manor](https://www.pluralsight.com/authors/elijah-manor)

## Course Description
In this course we will examine common bugs that are accidentally introduced when developing with JavaScript. For each bug we will expose the problem, explain what is going on, and then exterminate the issue with a solution. The goal is to help prevent you from making these mistakes and in the process gain a better understanding of how JavaScript works.

### Introduction
The intent of this course is to learn JavaScript better, however, by looking at it a little bit differently. Instead of teaching you concepts up front, instead what we're going to do is take a look at some code that has a problem with it, either one that you've already had or that you might run into in the future. Then we'll identify this bug, explain what's really going on under the covers, and then look at various ways to resolve the issue. Instead of just showing you how to fix a problem, it's good for you to know why it's a problem so that you can protect yourselves in the future from either having the same issue or one that's related to it. One of the tricky things about this course is that I try not to clue you in on exactly what I'm trying to teach you up front. That might sound a little silly, but I don't want to give away the bug in each code snippet before it's time to uncover it. I want to see if you can spot the bug before we expose it together and then unpack it. So there are five main modules in this course. We'll first start with common bugs related to statements, then move to functions, expressions and operators, values, variables, and literals, and then objects.